follow your dreams beneath the ocean
waves or a special gift is waiting let's
go check it out
I went once well way down in the deep
you
this Christmas bridgestone multimedia
group is proud to present an animated
adventure for the entire family
kingdom under the sea gift step right up
folks right this way if you're ready to
pay join splash his sister Cora super
duper taker of the entire kingdom during
a very special time of year
I wish me a Merry Christmas but in this
watery world the season is off to a
rocky start any minutes you'll be
history
but captain I cannot go another step in
the blur of the Christmas rush charity
is being left behind I can see everybody
cannot see no better see and most
everyone isn't is placed the true
meaning of Christmas and I especially
love the smell of money
new now this is what Christmas is all
about
shut up jump up til you drop
no peace this holiday season
turning to a Kingdom full of adventure a
kingdom full of laughter a Kingdom full
of faith
couldn't have said it better myself
under the seed the gift